SenVal Theater: Shock! Prized Photos!
Buuhi~
Training and more training every single day.
So tiring.
Well, it's better than being on the battlefield.
Squad 7 sure is a bunch of weaklings.
You say that, but... you look tired too.
Oh my, you're pretty laid back for young folk.
Ms. Ellet!
Is it okay for you to be here?
Alicia was searching pretty hard for you earlier.
It's fine, it's fine!
Forget about that. You're all so exhausted, so shall I show you something nice?
Eh? Nah, it's alright.
Even though they're prized photos of Squad 7's girls?
Please show us!
You sure seem to like that photo quite a bit.
It's...
It's not like that!
Oh? I can give you that photo if you want.
I don't need...
something like this...
What a lovely facial expression.
Uh... what part?
Surely this abused facial expression makes me beautiful!
Aisha's still such a kid.
You all are the same though.
When you look at them like this, our squad sure has a lot of beauties.
Y... You have a point there.
Does this count as a beauty too?
N... not this person.
Oh, show me that one over there.
Huh?
Just wait a sec!
Oh, how pitiful I am.
Which one?
There sure are a lot of Alicia.
I still have a lot more photos to go around.
Really?
Man... the girls' sleeping faces are really something...
Yeah...
Makes you all excited, doesn't it?
Well.... yeah, sort of.
Isara's sleeping face...
Sergeant Ramal Valt?
Please keep it together!
I guess it was just too much for him...
But what if I told you I had an even better one!?
What did you say!?
Oh, oh...
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh...
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
What?
Are you all getting cold feet now?
All of you...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?
These kids aren't old enough yet!
What's with these photos?
Ms. Ellet, just when did you take these?
There's so many!
No! You even took one here?
All of them!
I'm confiscating all of them!
Really! Just look at all this!
They're all photos of girls.
Um, Ms. Ellet...
Do you have any of Welkin?
What are you looking at!?
Buuhi~